1. The ACCOUNTADMIN role can perform the following tasks (select all that apply):

	A) Configuring parameters at theaccount level
	B) View and operate on all objects in the account
	C) Can stop any running SQL statements
	D) Can view and manage Snowflake billing and credit data
	E) All of the above

  ANS:  E) All of the above

2. All security information is stored in the___________ layer in the Snowflake architecture?

	A) Storage
	B) Compute
	C) Service
	D) All of the above

  ANS :C) Service

3. All statements are true about Data (Storage) except:

	A) All data in Snowflake is maintained in databases
	B) Each database consists of one or more schemas , and, within these  schemas, one or more tables and/or views
	C) Schemas can be thought of as a physical grouping of database objects
	D) Snowflake does not place any hard limits on the number of databases,
	   schemas (within a database), or objects (within a schema) you can create.

  ANS C) Schemas can be thought of as a physical grouping of database objects. Logical grouping not physical grouping

4. Choosing separate accounts in Snowflake enables users to have:

	A) Different editions of Snowflake and	different regions
	B) Billing at the account level
	C) Simpler database object deployment between environments
	D) All of the above

  ANS:	D) All of the above

5. The commands for loading data into Snowflake are:

	A) COPY & PUT
	B) COPY & INSERT
	C) INSERT & PUT
	D) None of the above

    ANS B) COPY &INSERT

6. Database designer should consider using Clustering Keys when (check all that apply):

	A) The tables is very large (multi TB)
	B) Table is large enough to reside on many micro-partitions
	C) Columns in the table can provide sufficient filtering to select a subset of these micro-partitions
	D) All of the above

 ANS :  D) All of theabove

7. Data Sharing Consumers will have to:

	A) Incur the cost of Compute (virtual	warehouse)
	B) Must create a database based on the share using the ACCOUNTADMIN role
	C) Can query shared objects in the same	query that they query their own objects
	D) All of the above

   ANS: D) All of the above

8. Data Sharing Providers will have to:

	A) Incur the cost of the data storage -	normal rates apply
	B) May share a data set with an unlimited number of accounts
	C) May set up and manage "Reader Accounts" for consumers who are not already Snowflake customers
	D) All of the above

    ANS:D) All of the above

9.  A defined data set can be shared with customers outside the Snowflake account is?      Snowflakes's Data Sharing

10. A defined data set is a point in time snapshot and can be updated by customers is?     Snowflake's Cloning

11. Economy Scaling Policy 

        Definition:
		Conserves credits by favoring keeping running clusters fully-loaded rather than starting additional clusters, 
		which may result in queries being queued and taking longer to complete. (default setting)
	Cluster Starts....
		Only if the system estimates there's enough query load to keep the cluster
		busy for at least 6 minutes. 
	Cluster Shuts down....
		After 5 to 6 consecutive successful checks (performed at 1 minute intervals), 
		which determine whether the load on the least-loaded cluster could be
		redistributed to the other clusters without spinning up the cluster again.

12. An enterprise view of data is useful because:

	A) A data set can be stored once and shared multiple times
	B) Data set provisioning is assigned to the owner of the dataset
	C) Data sets can be shared securely
	D) All of the above

   ANS : D) All of the above

13. How can the user/administrator increase the hit ratio on the local data cache. (select all that apply):

	A) Seed the cache with queries
	B) Increase the	cluster size
	C) Alter the data cache memory	parameter
	D) All of theabove
	
    ANS : A & B

14. How many availability zones does Snowflake replicate to for disaster recovery and high availability?

	A) Zero
	B) One
	C) Three
	D) As many as the userspecifies in the configuration

  ANS : C) Three - Snowflake automatically does this for each account. It is built-in and fully managed by Snowflake

15. How many cluster keys can reside on a Snowflake table?

	A) 0
	B) 1
	C) 3
	D) 4
	E) it depends

  ANS:  B) - only one cluster key can be created on a table (natural key or defined key)

16. How many resource monitors can you have at the account level?

	A) 0
	B) 1
	C) 2
	D) up to 5
	E) unlimited

  ANS:  B) 1

17. Identify the best practices for ACCOUNTADMIN role and permissions.  (select all that apply):

	A) This role should be given to any user that need a high level of authority
	B) There should be at least two user granted this role
	C) All ACCOUNTADMIN users should have multifactor authentication enabled
	D) Objects should not be created using this role
	E) All of the above
	
   ANS: B, C, & D

18. If the Credit Quota of a Resource Monitor is reached, suspended warehouses can not be resumed until one of the conditions is met. (select all that apply)?

	A) A new billing cycle starts
	B) Credit quota of the monitor is increased
	C) The credit threshold for the trigger is increased
	D) The monitor is no longer assigned to the warehouse
	E) The monitor is dropped
	F) All of the above

ANS     F) All of the above

19. In a multi-cluster environment, what are the names of the scaling policies that can be selected. (select all that apply)?

	A) Normal
	B) Standard
	C) Economy
	D) Maximize
	E) All of the above

  ANS:  B & C

20. In order to query a table in Snowflake, the user must be granted which privileges at a minimum (select all that apply):

	A) Grant USAGE on <database>
	B) Grant USAGE on <schema>
	C) Grant Select on <table>
	D) All of the above

  ANS   D) All of the above

21. ______________ is used to analyze the execution details of a query?

	A) Statistics
	B) Metadata
	C) Query Plan
	D) Query Profile

   ANS  D) Query Profile

22. Name all of the file/data types that Snowflake support for data loading? 
        
	Text Delimited(CSV,TAB, etc.)
	JSON
	XML
	Avro,
	Parquet
	ORC

23. Non-native values such as dates and timestamps are stored as strings when loaded into a VARIANT column so which statements are true:

	A) Operations on these values could be slower
	B) These columns would consume more space than when stored in a relational column with the corresponding data type 
	C) Both A and B are true
	D) Neither A or B are true

    ANS: C) Both A and B are true

24. The number of Snowflake credits are consumed is determined by (check all that apply)
	A) Size of the warehouse
	B) Number of Users for that warehouse
	C) How long (in secs) the warehouse runs
	D) All of the above

   ANS : A & C

25. The process of co-locates column data with same values in the same micro-partition, if possible, is called ___________?
	A) Re-Clustering
	B) Natural Clustering
	C) Partitioning
	D) None of the above

   ANS: B) Natural lustering

26. Query statement encryption is supported on ___________ accounts?
	A) Standard
	B) Enterprise
	C) Enterprise for Sensitive (ESD)
	D) Virtual Private Snowflake (VPS)

  ANS: C) Enterprise for Sensitive (ESD)

27. Resource Monitor is a 1st class object has elements defined to its class. 
     Select all that apply?
	A) Credit terms
	B) Credit Quota
	C) Triggers
	D) Credit Allocation
	E) Credit Usage
	F) Credit Remaining
	G) All of the above

   ANS B, C, and E

28. Select all characteristics of Snowflake's Multi-Cluster environment:
	A) Multiple virtual warehouses in a deployment
	B) User has to specify which cluster each query will utilize
	C) Individual warehouses automatically scale up and down base on query activity
	D) Multi-cluster warehouses support all the same properties and actions as single-cluster warehouse
	E) All of the above
   
   ANS A, C, and D

29. Select all layers that are part of Snowflake architecture:
	A) Security
	B) Compute
	C) Memory
	D) Storage
	E) Query Optimization
	F) Transaction Management
	G) Cloud Services
	H) Metadata Management
 
    ANS :B, D, & G

30. Select the best description of Zero-Copy Cloning:
	A) Metadata-only operation
	B) No replication of data
	C) Unmodified data stored once;	modified data stored as new blocks
	D) All of the above

   ANS :D) All of the above

31. Select the two types of modes that a Multi-Cluster Warehouses:
	A) Statically
	B) Dynamically
	C) Maximized
	D) Auto-Scale
	F) None of the above

   ANS C & D

32. Semi-structured data strings are stored in a column with a Snowflake data type
of __________________?
	A) Object
	B) Character
	C) Varchar
	D) Variant
	E) None of the above

  ANS :D) Variant

Not A) Object-key pair values-like Hadoop

33. Since Snowflake has several  advantages over OnPrem data warehouse databases, 
    which of thefollowing list are differentiators for Snowflake:
	A) Single place for data, both structured and semi-structured
	B) Minimal management
	C) Instant and live data sharing
	D) Pay a set monthly fee for DWaaSand support
	E) Instant and unlimited on-demandscalability in both Storage and Compute
	F) All of the above

ANS :   A, B, C, & E

34. Snowflake has three types of caching to optimize performance. Select the
three types of caches from the list:
	A) Server
	B) Warehouse
	C) Client
	D) Results
	E) Security
	F) Metadata
	G) Database
	H) User
 ANS : B, D, and F

35. Snowflake has two key features in their storage architecture. They are
(select two):
	A) Time Travel
	B) Time Machine
	C) Time Warp
	D) Snapshot Cloning
	E) Zero-Copy Cloning
	F) Replication
ANS : A & E

36. Snowflake includes administration settings for resource consumption in order to:
	A) Help control costs associated with unexpected credit usage of warehouses
	B) Manage access to data warehouse for specified users
	C) Maintain availability

ANS : A) Help control costs associated with unexpected credit usage of warehouses

37. Snowflake includes Role-Based Access Control to enable administrators to:
	A) Limit access to data and privileges 
	B) Manage secure access to the Snowflake account and data
	C) Establish role hierarchy and privilege inheritance to align access
	D) All of the above

  ANS:  D) All of the above

38. Snowflake is currently available on the following Cloud Providers:
	A) AWS
	B) Google
	C) Microsoft's Azure
	G) All of the above

   ANS : A & C - Google is not support, but is coming in the future

39. A Snowflake mechanism that is used to limit the number of micropartitions scanned by a query is called ________?
	A) Governor
	B) Regulator
	C) Pruning
	D) None of the above

  ANS : C) Pruning

40. Snowflake provides specific administration features and capabilities to support the following activities except:
	A) Managing databases and warehouses within a Snowflake account
	B) Managing roles and users within a Snowflake account
	C) Monitoring Usage and manage resources to control costs in a Snowflake account
	D) Manage 3rd party applications providing data to a Snowflake account

  ANS:  D) Manage 3rd party applications providing data to a Snowflake account
  
41. Snowflake's Resource Monitors have the following capabilities (check all that apply):
	A) impose limits on the number of credits that a warehouse can consume
	B) Trigger actions (i.e. like suspending) when the limit is reached
	C) Can only be created by an ACCOUNTADMIN
	D) All of the above
	
   ANS : D) All of the above

42. Snowflake supports data in VARIANTs up to a maximum size of:
	A) 4 MB uncompressed
	B) 8 MB uncompressed
	C) 16 MB compressed
	D) 32 MB compressed
	E) None of the above

  ANS : C) 16 MB compressed

43. The Snowflake UI is divided into for basic areas. Which of the following areas is not part of the UI:
	A) Query
	B) Databases
	C) Warehouse
	D) History

 ANS    A) Query -- Worksheet is the name of the query section

44. Snowflake users with support contracts that have a Severity-1 issue should contact
Snowflake in these ways except:
	A) Snowflake Lodge - set appropriate severity (1-4)
	B) Send email
	C) 844-SNOWFLAKE

  ANS : B) Send email

45. Snowflake utilizes per _______________ billing.
	A) Millisecond
	B) Second
	C) Minute
	D) Hour
	E) None of the above

   ANS  B) Second

46. SQL functionality can be extended via (select all of the appropriate answers):
	A) SQL User Functions (UDF)
	B) Javascript UDFs
	C) Session Variables
	D) Only SQL and Javascript UDFs
	E) None of the above

  ANS : A, B, and C

47. Standard Scaling Policy

	Definition: Prevents/minimizes queuing by favoring starting additional clusters over conserving credits.
	Cluster Starts....Immediately when either a query is queued or the system detects that there's one more
			  query than the currently-running clusterscan execute.
	Cluster Shuts down....
		After 2 to 3 consecutive successful checks (performed at 1 minute intervals), which
		determine whether the load on the leastloaded	
		cluster could be redistributed to the other clusters without spinning up the cluster again.

48. This type of cache lives on the Cloud Services layer?
	A) Server
	B) Results
	C) Metadata
	D) Warehouse

   ANS: C) Metadata

49. This type of cache lives on the Compute instance?
	A) Server
	B) Results
	C) Metadata
	D) Warehouse

   ANS  D) Warehouse Cache

50. To help control the usage of credits in Auto-scale mode, Snowflake provides a
    property, _________________, that determines the scaling policy to use when
    automatically starting or shutting down additional clusters. 
   Select the property:
	A) Auto_Scale
	B) Scaling_policy
	C) Maximum_number_of_server_clusters
	D) Minimum_number of server clusters
	E) None of the above

	ANS B) Scaling_Policy

51. To load data into Snowflake, what needs to be in place (check all that apply)?
	A) Virtual Warehouse
	B) Predefined target table
	C) Staging location with data staged
	D) File Format
	
	ANS: A, B, C, and D

52. True or False: A best practice of load and store Semi-structured data in Snowflake is
	to parse the semi-structure string into structured columns on source data load?

	ANS :False - the data should be loaded and stored in a VARIANT data type.

53. True or False: ACCOUNTADMINs are the only users that receive resource monitor notifications?
	ANS : True

54. True or False: A customer needs to have a reexisting account with AWS or MicroSoft
    Azure in order to have a Snowflakeaccount or to use Snowflake?

	ANS: False - not a requirement

55. True or False: Al interactions with data are initialized through the services layer?
  
	ANS :True

56. True or False: All virtual warehouses have access to all data?
  
	ANS : True

57. True or False: A materialize view in Snowflake will add more storage cost to the customer bill
 
	ANS :True - a material view creates a copy of the data based on the view definition

58. True or False: An account level Resource Monitor can override a Resource Monitor assignment for individual warehouse?
 
	ANS :False - It cannot override the Resource Monitor that is assigned to individual warehouse.

59. True or False: A query plan can only be used for completed queries?

	ANS :False - it can be used for both in-progress and completed queries.

60. True or False: As a general rule, Snowflake recommends ordering the keys from lowest cardinality to highestcardinality for a clustering key.

	ANS : True

61. True or False: A share can't be cloned by a consumer account, but the share data CAN be copied into a table?

	ANS : True

62. True or False: A Snowflake Role is the only thing that connects Storage (Database) to Compute (Virtual Warehouse)?

	ANS :True

63. True or False: A suspend trigger on a resource monitor cancels all in-flight transactions and bring down the warehouse once the quota is reached?
	False: Suspend Immediately cancels all transactions and brings down the warehouse (i.e Kill -9). 
       Whereas Suspend, lets all in-flight transactions complete normally.

64. True or False: A table that consists of a single micropartition or no micropartitions
	(i.e. an emptytable) always has a clustering depth of 0?
   ANS: True

65. True or False: A user cannot view the result set from a query that another user executed.

   ANS :True

66. True or False: A user withthe ACCOUNTADMIN role can view the results for a query run by another user.
  
   ANS: False - only the user who executed a query can access the query results.

67. True or False: A virtual warehouse can only be resized after being stopped or suspended?

   ANS: False - a virtual warehouse can be resized at any time.

68. True or False: A warehouse can be assigned to one or more Resource monitors?
   
    ANS: False - warehouses can be assigned to only oneresource monitor.

69. True or False: Both a user defined Clustering Key and a Natural Clustering Key can be establish for table?
   
    ANS:False - Snowflake data is divided into and stored in micro-partitions. Only one clustering key can be used for that process.

70. True or False: B-tree type indexes are supported by Snowflake's performance optimizing query methods?
    
    ANS: False

71. True or False: Caching techniques are supported by Snowflake's performance optimizing query methods?
    ANS: True

72. True or False: Can a query run against Result Cache with no Virtual Warehouse running and retrieve results (assuming the query is cached)?
    ANS: True

73. True or False: Cluster keys should be defined with high cardinality columns

    ANS: False - low cardinality columns should be used

74. True or False: Compute resources used by Snowflake for data loading jobs can by provide by hardware provisioned by user directly from cloud providers?

    ANS: False

75. True or False: Compute resources used by Snowflake for data loading jobs can by provide by Snowflake managed service?
    
    ANS: True

76. True or False: Compute resources used by Snowflake for data loading jobs can by provide by user managed virtual warehouse?
    ANS :True

77. True or False: COPY statement allows insert on SELECT against a staged file, and a WHERE clause can be used?

    ANS : False - INSERT command allows the Where clause, not the COPY command

78. True or False: Create Role can be granted within a Snowflake account by the administrator?

    ANS: True

79. True or False: Create User permission can be granted within a Snowflake account by the administrator?
    ANS :True

80. True or False: Customer has COMPUTE choices when it comes to cluster definition?

    ANS : False -COMPUTE clusters are predefined by Azure and AWS

81. True or False: Data can be shared READ ONLY across accounts, and can be cloned accounts?
   
   ANS : False

82. True or False: Data can be shared Read-Only across Snowflake accounts and can also be cloned?
   
   ANS: False

83. True or False: Data Sharing is metadata only?
  
   ANs: True - Noupdate, notime travel,same region

84. True or False: Data Sharing is only supported between accounts in the same Snowflake region?
   
   ANS :True

85. True or False: Data Storage is independent from compute?
   
   ANS : True

86. True or False: Different editions of Snowflake instances require separate accounts?
   
   ANS: True
87. True or False: Drop Role can be granted within a Snowflake account by the administrator?

   ANS: True

88. True or False: Drop User permission can be granted within a Snowflake account by the administrator?

    ANS: True

89. True or False: Each server in a cluster has a position. Servers are always removed from the warehouse in reverse order of when
    they were added (aka LIFO, "Last In, FirstOut")

   ANS: True

90. True or False: Each worksheet in the UI can have its on role and be set independently?
   ANS: True

91. True or False: Federated authentication in Snowflake is complaint with SAML 2.0?
  ANS : True

92. True or False: For most tables, it is a best practice to allow Snowflake's automated micro-partitioning process to fully 
    manage the table's micro-partitions?

 ANS: True

93. True or False: Grant Privilege permission can be granted within a Snowflake account by the administrator?
 ANS : True

94. True or False: If you want to use a column with very high cardinality as a clustering key, we recommend defining the key as an expression on
    the column, rather than on the column directly, to reduce the number of distinct values.
  
  True -instead ofc_timestamp, use to_date(c_timestamp)

95. True or False: In general, you shouldtry to match the size of the warehouse to the expected size and complexity of the queries to be
	processed by the warehouse?

	ANS:  True

96. True or False: It is a best practice to have the majority of objects owned by SYSADMIN?
	ANS : True

97. True or False: Metadata cache is used to optimize queries and improve query compile time?

   ANS: True

98. True or False: MFA (Multi-factor Authentication) can be used for connecting to Snowflake via the Snowflake JDBC driver?
  ANS : True

99. True or False: MFA (Multi-factor Authentication) is an integrated feature powered by Duo Security service?
  ANS: True

100. True or False: MFA (Multi-factor Authentication) is automatically enabled for your account and available for all users to self-enroll?

  ANS : True

101. True or False: MFA (Multi-factor Authentication) login is desired only for connecting to Snowflake through the web interface?
  
  ANS : False

102. True or False: Micro-partitions are immutable?

  ANS : True - subsequent changes of any type to the data will be written to additional micro-partitions 
 
103. True or False: Multi-Cluster Warehouses support high concurrency?

  ANS : True

104. True or False: Multi-region accounts are supported by Snowflake?
  ANS : False - Each Snowflake accounts is located in a single region

105. True or False: One benefit of client-side encryption is that it provides a secure system for managing data in cloud storage?

  ANS: True

106. True or False: One benefit of client-side encryption is that queries can be encrypted on the client side?

  ANS : False

107. True or False: One benefit of client-side encryption is that the data is encrypted before loading into storage layer?

  ANS : False

108. True or False: One benefit of client-side encryption is the storage service layer only contains encrypted version of the data?

 ANS : True

109. True or False: Pipe are unique database objects in Snowflake?
 
 ANS : True

110. True or False: Reclustering a small table typically doesn't improve query performance significantly?
  
  ANS : True

111. True or False: Referential integrity constraints in Snowflake are enforced?

 ANS: False - Referential integrity constraints in Snowflake are nformational are not enforced.

112. True or False: Resource Monitor notification are automatically assigned to ACCOUNTADMIN role?

ANS:  False - Resource Monitor notifications are disabled by default.

113. True or False: Retrieving results of previous query from cache is supported by Snowflake's performance optimizing query methods?

  ANS : True

114. True or False: Semi-structured data can be queried using SQL while incorporating JSON path notation?

  ANS : True

115. True or False: Setting the Auto- Suspend value to "Never" will produce efficient credit consumption?

 ANS:  False - the warehouse will never go into suspend mode (i.e. it will always be running and consuming credits)

116. True or False: Since integrity constraints are not enforced, the developers should not the creation of primary and foreign kyes.

False - The primary keys and foreign keys enable members of your project team to orient themselves to the schema design and
familiarize themselves with how the tables relate with one another. And most business ntelligence (BI) and visualization tools
import the foreign key definitions with the tables and build the proper join conditions. This approach saves you time and is
potentially less prone to error than someone later having to guess how to join the tables and then manually configuring the tool.

117. True or False: Snowflake automatically partitions the data so that the user does not need to define partition scheme?
 
 ANS: True

118. True or False: Snowflake deploys into a customer VPC or VNET?

 ANS: False - Snowflake only deploys within it own VPC.

119. True or False: Snowflake enforces all constraints?

 ANS : False - Snowflake only enforces NOT NULL constraint

120. True or False: Snowflake instances in different regions require separate accounts?

 ANS: True

121. True or False: Snowflake only replicates Storage layer to the other availability zones within a region?

  ANS : False - Storage and Cloud Services layers are replicated

122. True or False: Snowflake optimizes the storage for semi-structured data based on the repeating elements within the semi-structured strings?

 ANS : True

123. True or False: Snowflake provides embedded multi-factor authentication across some of its editions? 

 ANS: False - multifactor authentication is embedded in all editions

124. True or False: Snowflake provides "Future grants" that allow defining aninitial set of privileges to grant on new (i.e. future) 
     objects of a certaintype (e.g. tables or views) in a schema.
 ANS True - As new objects are created, the defined privileges are automatically granted to a specified role.

125. True or False: Snowflake recommends using a role other than ACCOUNTADMIN for automated scripts.

ANS : True

126. True or False: Snowflake's architecture includes advance capabilities in the cloud services layer that delivers metadata service?

ANS : True

127. True or False: Snowflake's architecture includes advance capabilities in the cloud services layer that delivers query optimization?

ANS : True

128. True or False: Snowflake's architecture includes advance capabilities in the cloud services layer that delivers security and authentication control?
	ANS : True

129. True or False: Snowflake's architecture includes advance capabilities in the cloud services layer that delivers transaction management for 
     consistent operations on the same data at the same time?

ANS: True

130. True or False: Snowflake security supports user-based access control?

ANS : True

131. True or False: Snowflake's metadata  repository stores references to all of the micro-partitions files for each table, as 
      well as tracking of all versions of the table data within the data retention window?

ANS : True

132. True or False: Snowflake's security and authentication includes data encryption using Snowflake-managed keys?

 ANS : False

133. True or False: Snowflake's security and authentication includes Multi-Factor authentication?

ANS :True

134. True or False: Snowflake's security and authentication includes object-level access?

ANS: True

135. True or False: Snowflake's security and authentication includes Snowflake Failures alerts?

ANS: False

136. True or False: Snowflake storage cost are based only on a daily average of all database compressed data storage?

ANS False - Database data and data stored for Time Travel retention and failsafe.

137. True or False: Snowflake store structure and semi-structure data in different proprietary file formats?

ANS : False - they use the same proprietary file format

138. True or False: Snowflake Support Services addresses customer issues covering 3rd party application configuration support?

ANS: False

139. True or False: Snowflake Support Services addresses customer issues covering individual query syntax improvement?

ANS : True

140. True or False: Snowflake Support Services addresses customer issues covering product usage questions?

ANS : True

141. True or False: Snowflake Support Services addresses customer issues covering troubleshooting failed queries?

ANS : True

142. True or False: Snowflake supports landing data into bring your own device?

ANS: False

143. True or False: Snowflake supports landing data into external stage on the cloud storage platform?

ANS : True

144. True or False: Snowflake supports landing data into internal stage on the cloud storage platform?

ANS: True

145. True or False: Snowflake tables are logical structures of collections of columns and rows of data physically stored in 
     Snowflake's FDN files (micro-partitions)

ANS: True

146. True or False: Snowpipe is a continuous data ingestion service that detects and loads streaming data?

ANS: True

147. True or False: Some DDL operations are metadata only operations?

ANS: True - deleting all rows in a table is a metadata only

148. True or False: Stages are unique database objects in Snowflake?

ANS : True

149. True or False: Standard warehouses can scale out to meet concurrency needs?

ANS : False - Multi-Cluster warehouse can scale out

150. True or False: Table are unique database objects in Snowflake?

ANS : False

151. True or False: the ACCOUNTADMIN role can modify or drop objects created by acustom role?

ANS : False - The custom role must be granted to the ACCOUNTADMIN role directly or, preferably, to another role in a hierarchy with the SYSADMIN
role as the parent. The SYSADMIN role is managed by the ACCOUNTADMIN role.

152. True or False: The closer the ratio of scanned micro-partitions and columnar data is to the ratio of actual data selected, the more 
     efficient is the pruning performed on the table?
ANS :True

153. True or False: The clustering depth for a table is an absolute or precise measure of whether the table is well-clustered.

ANS: False - Ultimately, query performance is the best indicator of how wellclustered  table is.

154. True or False: The COPY command is more performant than the INSERT statement?
 
 ANS : True

155. True or False: The key to sizing a warehouse is the experiment with different types of queries and different warehouse sizes to 
     determine the best combinations that best meet your specific query requirements and workload.

ANS  True

156. True or False: The number of COPY operations that run in parallel canexceed the number of data files to be loaded?

ANS False - it cannot exceed - there are no files to copy

157. True or False: The PUT and GET commands can be executed via the Snowflake UI?

ANS False - These ommands can only be executed using SNOWSQL client. they are not supported by ODBC driver.

158. True or False: There are cases where separate accounts are required suchas different editions or regions?

ANS True

159. True or False: There is a technical difference between an object access role and a business function role in Snowflake.

ANS: False - There is no difference. The difference is in how they are used logically to assemble and assign sets of privileges to groups of users.

160. True or False: The size of the cache is determined by the number of servers in the all of warehouses for an account
ANS : False - size of the cache is determined by the number of servers in a warehouse.

161. True or False: The Snowflake Lodge is a community site that contains the most up to date security alerts and product release information?
ANS: True

162. True or False: The Snowflake Lodge is a community site that does not allow members to post questions?
ANS : False

163. True or False: The Snowflake Lodge is a community site that has technical information for SupportCustomers only?
ANS : False

164. True or False: The Snowflake Lodge is a community site that is the recommend place to submitsupport cases?
ANS : True

165. True or False: The use case and audience drives the selection of the proven data modelingtechniques?
ANS : True

166. True or False: The user can execute a table re-clustering to reduce micro-partition overlap and speed up performance?

ANS : False - table clustering happens automatically by a Snowflake service.

167. True or False: To recluster a table an admin would execute the RECLUSTER command?

ANS: False - Reclustering is done automatically. Manual reclustering has been deprecated.

168. True or False: Tri-secret requires that customers manage their own keys?

ANS : True

169. True or False: User can query a STAGE object?

ANS : True

170. True or False: User can view and modify Resource Monitors?

 ANS True - But the ACCOUNTADMIN hasto enable the user first (by granting permissions)

171. True or False: Users can have access to many roles and they are active in every session?

ANS : False - only one active role per session

172. True or False: users control the file split and size of data being load and the how the data is divided into micro-partitions?

ANS False - Snowflake determines how the data is divided into icro-partitions. Users cannot create or configure these partitions.

173. True or False: Users own database bjects?

ANS : False - roles own database objects

174. True or False: Virtual Warehouse can be configured to autosuspend after a specific period of inactivity, or auto-resume as soon 
     as the administrator cancels the auto-suspend?

ANS : False - Auto-Resume restarts the virtual warehouse as soon as a user requests an operation that requires Compute resources.

175. True or False: Virtual Warehouse in Snowflake is where the data is stored?

ANS : False - Virtual Warehouses is the Compute operation

176. True or False: Warehouse cache may be reset or invalidated if the Virtual Warehouse is suspended and resumed?

ANS : True

177. True or False: Warehouses can be dynamically expanded to adjust to workloads?

ANS : True

178. True or False: Warehousing cache stores the results of the queries that have been executed for 24 hours unless the underlying data
	changes, at which point the entry is invalidated?
ANS : False - Results Cache

179. True or False: What is data skew is when partitions in database become disproportionately-sized?

ANS :True

180. True or False: When a Resource Monitor has multiple warehouses assigned to it, the credit quota is allocated evenly across the warehouses?

ANS :False - credit usage of one warehouse can mpact other warehouses.

181. True or False: When cloning a database, schema or table creates a copy of the source object along with any privileges?

ANS : False - Any privileges granted on the source object do not transfer to the cloned object.

182. True or False: When defining columns to contain dates or timestamps, Snowflake recommend choosing a date or 
	timestamp data type rather than a character data type?
ANS : False - Snowflake stores DATE and TIMESTAMP data more efficiently than VARCHAR, resulting in better query performance.

183. True or False: Zero-Copy cloning allow a customer to provision real,Production data for development and test environments without 
     physically copying the data?
ANS : True

184. Upon startup or auto-resume of a Virtual Warehouse, how much time is automatically billing to the account:
	A) One minute
	B) Two minutes
	C) Five minutes
	D) Accounts are always billed by the second
	E) None of the above

  ANS: A) One minute After the one minute - accounts are billed by the second

185. What are the steps Snowflake pruning? 
	A) Eliminate cluster key entries from 	any query filters
	B) Eliminate micro-partitions that are	not needed for the query
	C) Eliminate columns by sorting within	the micro-partition
	D) Eliminate by column within the	remaining micro-partitions
	E) All of the above

  ANS:	B & D - and they are performed in that order

186. What are the types of tables in Snowflake (select all that apply)?
	A) Regular
	B) Transient
	C) Permanent
	D) Clones
	E) Temporary
	F) Persistent

  ANS : B, C, and E

187. What are they general indicators that can help determine whether to define a clustering key for a very large table:
	A) Queries on the table are running slower than expected or have noticeably degraded over time
	B) The clustering ratio for the table is very low and the clustering depth is very large 

188. What is the best practice for handling semi-structured data with 3rd party BI tools?
	A) Use the BI tool to create a metadata object to view the column
	B) ETL the column with other columns that are part of the query into a structured table
	C) Create a Snowflake view that parse the semistructured column into structure columns for the BI tool to retrieve
	D) All of the above

 ANS : C) Create a Snowflake view that parse the semistructured column into structure columns for the BI tool to retrieve

189. What is the frequency for Snowflake to apply software patches to the code base?
	A) Daily
	B) Weekly
	C) Monthly
	D) Semi-annually
	E) As soon as they are ready

  ANS  B) Weekly

190. What is the largest size of a micro-partition?
	A) 8 MB uncompressed
	B) 8 MB compressed
	C) 16 MB compressed
	D) 32 MB compressed

ANS : C) 16 MB compressed

191. What is the recommend size of files to be loaded via Snowflake's Snowpipe?
A) 1 - 10MB compressed
B) 25 - 50MB compressed
...

192. What should be done to  prevent account administrators from inadvertently using the ACCOUNTADMIN role to reate objects:
	A) Give ACCOUNTADMIN to only one person in the organization that is not a developer
	B) Nothing, because ACCOUNTADMIN cannot create objects
	C) Revoke object creation authorities from the ACCOUNTADMIN role
	D) Do not make ACCOUNTADMIN the default role for any users in the system

  ANS D) Do not make ACCOUNTADMIN the default role for any users in the system

193. When dealing with a large complex query, the user must:

	A) Rewrite the query
	B) Scale up the cluster
	C) Scale out the cluster
	D) All of the above

ANS B) Scale up the cluster -moving up a T-shirt size gives the query more resources (increase the size of the pipe)

194. When dealing with query throughput, the user must:
	A) Rewrite the query
	B) Scale up the cluster
	C) Scale out the cluster
	D) All of the above
	
ANS:    C) Scale out the cluster to allow for more concurrency (increase the number of pipes)

195. When might you might consider specifying a clustering key and reclustering the table?
	A) When a small is get out of sequence with the clustering key
	B) The order in which the data is loaded does not match the dimension by which it is most commonly queried
	C) To reorder a table to match another clustering key in another table that the users perform frequent joins
	D) All of the above
	E) None of the above

ANS : B) The order in which the data is loaded does not match the dimension by which it is most commonly queried

196. When scaling up a Snowflake  warehouse, what is the scaling factor when moving between T-shirt sizes?
	A) 2
	B) 4
	C) 8
	D) User specified
ANS A) 2

197. When selecting a clustering key, which of the following should the developer consider 
	(select all thatapply):
	A) Time dimensions
	B) Join keys
	C) Low cardinality columns
	D) Predicates on tables
	E) All of above

  ANS:  E) All of the above

198. When sizing a Snowflake warehouse, which of the following factors should not be considered:
	A) Number of users
	B) Number of concurrent queries
	C) Number of tables being queried
	D) Data size and composition 
	E) All of the above

ANS : A) Number of Users - if users are not querying the database, then they don't take any resources

199. Which approach would result in improved performance through linear scaling of data ingestion workload:
	
	A) Resize virtual warehouse 
	B) Consider the practice of organizing data by granular path
	C) Consider the practice of splitting input file batch within the recommended range of 10MB and 100MB?
	D) All of the above

ANS D) All of the above

200. Which command can be grant to roles outside of the ACCOUNTADMIN role to accessing resource monitors?
	A) MODIFY
	B) ALTER
	C) VIEW
	D) MONITOR
	E) CREATE
  ANS :A & D

201. Which feature does not come with the Query Profile?

	A) Graphical representation of the main components of the processing plan for the query
	B) Details and statistics for the overall query
	C) Hints for improving the query performance
	D) Statistics for each component of the query

ANS: C) Hints for improving the query performance

202. Which is not a characteristic of Time Travel?
	A) Protection from accidental data operations
	B) Recover data with the cost of running backups
	C) Previous versions of data automatically retained
	D) Retention period selected by customers(up to 90 days for Enterprise edition)

ANS: B) Recover data with the cost of running backups There is no cost in Snowflake for running backups, purchasing additional hardware, incurring
   downtime and overhead of additional administration

203. Which layer contains the data in compressed, columnar format? 
     
     Database Storage

204. Which layer contains virtual warehouses for data access?
     
     Query Processing

205. Which layer does  Snowflake store the various statistics for databases, tables,columns, and files?
	A) Storage
	B) Compute
	C) Cloud Services
	D) Snowflake does not store statistics

ANS C) Cloud Services - the metadata is stored in this layer 

206. Which layer provides centralized services for the data warehouse?
     
     Cloud Services

207. Which of the following are actions that can be take from a Resource Monitor trigger 
     (select all that apply)?
	A) Suspend
	B) Shutdown
	C) Suspend immediately
	D) Notify
	E) All of the above

ANS : A, C, and D

208. Which of the following are security best practices for Snowflake (select all that apply)?

	A) All objects owned by SYSADMIN
	B) All roles and users are own by SECURITYADMIN
	C) Grant all of your roles back to SYSADMIN
	D) All of the above

  ANS: D) All of the above

209. Which of the following conditions can restart a suspended Resource monitor (select all that apply)?
	
	A) The credit threshold for the monitor trigger is increased
	B) The monitor is no longer assigned to the warehouse
	C) Increase in customer quota
	D) A new time interval cycle has starts
	E) All of the above

ANS: A, B,and D

210. Which of the following is not a best practice for loading data?
	
	A) Splitting large files into a greater number of smaller files distributes the load among the servers in an active warehouse, 
	   thereby increasing performance.
	B) Split files by line to avoid records that span chunks
	C) Setting all of the load files to the optimal size of 10 to 100 MB in compressed size
	D) The number of data files that are processed in parallel is determined by the number and capacity of servers in a warehouse
	E) All of the above
	
  ANS: E) All of the above

211. Which of the following is not a characteristic of "automatic micro-partitions" in Snowflake?
	
	A) New partitions are created on logical properties
	B) Avoids skews between partitions
	C) Partitioning is automatically completed on the natural ingestion order of the data
	D) The natural ingestion order maintains correlations between columns which could be useful for pruning

ANS : A) New partitions are created on logical properties Snowflake uses physical properties. The partitions can overlap in ranges.

212. Which of the following is not a  feature of Snowpipe:

	A) The service can load data from any internal or external stage
	B) Snowpipe has a server-less compute model
	C) The service provides REST endpoints and uses Snowflake provided compute resources to  load the data and retrieve history reports
	D) Snowpipe loads data after it is stage and the user executes the LOADDATA command


ANS : D) Snowpipe loads data after it is stage and the user executes the LOADDATA command --No LOADDATA command- and the data is automatically loaded
within minutes after the files are added to the stage

213. Which proven data modeling techniques does Snowflake support (check all that apply)?
	
	A) 3rd Normal Form
	B) Data Vault
	C) Star Schema
	D) Snowflake Schema
	E) All of the above

  ANS : E) All of the above

214. Which roles does Snowflake  suggest to enable MFA (select all that apply?
	A) SECURITYADMIN
	B) SYSADMIN
	C) ACCOUNTADMIN
	D) User defined role
	E) PUBLIC
	F) All of the above
  ANS: A, B, & C

215. Which security features are provided as part of Enterprise editions (select all that apply)?
	A) Snowflake data encrypted using AES 256
	B) Support for encrypting data using customer-managed keys
	C) Periodic rekeying of encrypted data
	D) Support for HIPAA 
	E) Support for PCI DSS compliance
	F) Support for user SSO through federated authentication
ANS : A, C, and F

216. Which services are multi-tenant?
	A) Global Services
	B) Virtual Warehouse - Compute
	C) Storage
	D) All of the above
	E) None of the above
ANS :  A & C - Compute is customer based

217. Which Snowflake cache does the user/administrator have control over?
	A) Results cache
	B) Metadata cache
	C) Data cache
	D) None of the above

 ANS :B) Metadata cache

218. Why is the following SQL statement not efficient in nowflake?

	"SELECT * FROM TABLE" There will be very little  (if any) horizontal 
	 pruning because the query is selecting all of the columns.

219. With an IdP (identity provider) configured for your account, Snowflake supports using SSO to connect and authenticate with JDBC Driver?

ANS: True

220. With an IdP (identity provider)  configured for your account, Snowflake supports using SSO to connect and authenticate with ODBC Driver?

ANS: True

221. With an IdP (identity provider) configured for your account, Snowflake supports using SSO to connect and authenticate with Python Connector?
ANS :True

222. With an IdP (identity provider) configured for your account, Snowflake supports using SSO to connect and authenticate with SnowSQL?
ANS : True
...